README.md, before:

# jag-ccd

[![Lifecycle:Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Stable-97ca00)](https://github.com/bcgov/jag-ccd)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/d9bac462571a5327f783/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-ccd/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/d9bac462571a5327f783/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-ccd/test_coverage)

Integration API for Court Clerk Desktop for the webMethods retirement project

### Recommended Tools
* Intellij
* Docker
* Maven
* Java 11
* Lombok

### Application Endpoints

Local Host: http://127.0.0.1:8080

Actuator Endpoint Local: http://localhost:8080/actuator/health

Code Climate: https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-ccd

WSDL Endpoint Local:
* jag-ccd-application:
1) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CCDUserMapping.ws:ccdUserMapping?WSDL
2) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CivilFileContent.ws:CivilFileContent?WSDL
3) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CodeValues.ws.provider:CodeValues?WSDL
4) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CourtLists.ws.provider:CourtList?WSDL
5) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CriminalFileContent.ws.provider:CriminalFileContent?WSDL
6) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetROPReport.ws:GetROPReport?WSDL
7) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetUserLogin.WS:getUserLogin?WSDL
8) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.ProcessResults.ws.provider:ProcessResults?WSDL
9) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetDocument.ws:GetDocument?WSDL
10) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.DevUtil.ws:DevUtils?WSDL
11) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetParticipantInfo.WS:getParticipantInfo?WSDL

### Required Environmental Variables

BASIC_AUTH_PASS: The password for the basic authentication. This can be any value for local.

BASIC_AUTH_USER: The username for the basic authentication. This can be any value for local.

ORDS_HOST: The url for ords rest package.

ORDS_USERNAME: ORDS_HOST authentication

ORDS_PASSWORD: ORDS_HOST authentication

### Additional Environmental Variables
* jag-ccd-application:
1) ADOBE_HOST: RESTful service url to retrieve RopReport
2) REPORT_APP_NAME: RopReport app name
3) FORM_PARAM_IDX: index for fetching the form value in url from ORDS (the value is varied in DEV, TEST, PROD environment)
4) GENERIC_AGENCY_ID: generic agency id being configured on server. The value is part of CodeValues's request.
5) GENERIC_PART_ID: generic agency id being configured on server. The value is part of CodeValues's request.

* common-Comparison-Tool-1-1:
1) API_HOST: Spring Boot API url
2) WM_HOST: webMethods url

* AutomatedTests
API_HOST: jag-ccd-application API url

### Optional Environmental Variables
SPLUNK_HTTP_URL: The url for the splunk hec.

SPLUNK_TOKEN: The bearer token to authenticate the application.

SPLUNK_INDEX: The index that the application will push logs to. The index must be created in splunk
before they can be pushed to.

### Building the Application
1) Make sure using java 11 for the project modals and sdk
2) Run ```mvn compile```
3) Make sure ```ccd-civil-models```, ```ccd-common-models``` and ```ccd-court-list-models``` are marked as generated sources roots (xjc)

### Running the application
Option A) Intellij
1) Set env variables.
2) Run the application

Option B) Jar, e.g., to run 'jag-ccd-application' application:
1) Run ```mvn package```
2) Run ```cd jag-ccd-application```
3) Run ```java -jar ./target/ccd-application.jar $ENV_VAR$```  (Note that $ENV_VAR$ are environment variables)

Option C) Docker, e.g., to run 'jag-ccd-application' application:
1) Run ```mvn package```
2) Run ```cd jag-ccd-application```
3) Run ```docker build -t ccd-application .```
4) Run ```docker run -p 8080:8080 ccd-application $ENV_VAR$```  (Note that $ENV_VAR$ are environment variables)

### Pre Commit
1) Do not commit \CRLF use unix line enders
2) Run the linter ```mvn spotless:apply```

### JaCoCo Coverage Report
1) Run ```mvn clean verify```
2) Open ```ccd-code-coverage/target/site/jacoco/index.html``` in a browser

Commit message:

add read timeout to resttemplate to avoid ords connection timeout

README.md, after:

# jag-ccd

[![Lifecycle:Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Stable-97ca00)](https://github.com/bcgov/jag-ccd)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/d9bac462571a5327f783/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-ccd/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/d9bac462571a5327f783/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-ccd/test_coverage)

Integration API for Court Clerk Desktop for the webMethods retirement project

### Recommended Tools
* Intellij
* Docker
* Maven
* Java 11
* Lombok

### Application Endpoints

Local Host: http://127.0.0.1:8080

Actuator Endpoint Local: http://localhost:8080/actuator/health

Code Climate: https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-ccd

WSDL Endpoint Local:
* jag-ccd-application:
1) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CCDUserMapping.ws:ccdUserMapping?WSDL
2) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CivilFileContent.ws:CivilFileContent?WSDL
3) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CodeValues.ws.provider:CodeValues?WSDL
4) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CourtLists.ws.provider:CourtList?WSDL
5) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.CriminalFileContent.ws.provider:CriminalFileContent?WSDL
6) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetROPReport.ws:GetROPReport?WSDL
7) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetUserLogin.WS:getUserLogin?WSDL
8) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.ProcessResults.ws.provider:ProcessResults?WSDL
9) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetDocument.ws:GetDocument?WSDL
10) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.DevUtil.ws:DevUtils?WSDL
11) localhost:8080/ws/CCD.Source.GetParticipantInfo.WS:getParticipantInfo?WSDL

### Required Environmental Variables

BASIC_AUTH_PASS: The password for the basic authentication. This can be any value for local.

BASIC_AUTH_USER: The username for the basic authentication. This can be any value for local.

ORDS_HOST: The url for ords rest package.

ORDS_USERNAME: ORDS_HOST authentication

ORDS_PASSWORD: ORDS_HOST authentication

ORDS_READ_TIMEOUT: Timeout in seconds which expects the response/result from ORDS.

### Additional Environmental Variables
* jag-ccd-application:
1) ADOBE_HOST: RESTful service url to retrieve RopReport
2) REPORT_APP_NAME: RopReport app name
3) FORM_PARAM_IDX: index for fetching the form value in url from ORDS (the value is varied in DEV, TEST, PROD environment)
4) GENERIC_AGENCY_ID: generic agency id being configured on server. The value is part of CodeValues's request.
5) GENERIC_PART_ID: generic agency id being configured on server. The value is part of CodeValues's request.

* common-Comparison-Tool-1-1:
1) API_HOST: Spring Boot API url
2) WM_HOST: webMethods url

* AutomatedTests
API_HOST: jag-ccd-application API url

### Optional Environmental Variables
SPLUNK_HTTP_URL: The url for the splunk hec.

SPLUNK_TOKEN: The bearer token to authenticate the application.

SPLUNK_INDEX: The index that the application will push logs to. The index must be created in splunk
before they can be pushed to.

### Building the Application
1) Make sure using java 11 for the project modals and sdk
2) Run ```mvn compile```
3) Make sure ```ccd-civil-models```, ```ccd-common-models``` and ```ccd-court-list-models``` are marked as generated sources roots (xjc)

### Running the application
Option A) Intellij
1) Set env variables.
2) Run the application

Option B) Jar, e.g., to run 'jag-ccd-application' application:
1) Run ```mvn package```
2) Run ```cd jag-ccd-application```
3) Run ```java -jar ./target/ccd-application.jar $ENV_VAR$```  (Note that $ENV_VAR$ are environment variables)

Option C) Docker, e.g., to run 'jag-ccd-application' application:
1) Run ```mvn package```
2) Run ```cd jag-ccd-application```
3) Run ```docker build -t ccd-application .```
4) Run ```docker run -p 8080:8080 ccd-application $ENV_VAR$```  (Note that $ENV_VAR$ are environment variables)

### Pre Commit
1) Do not commit \CRLF use unix line enders
2) Run the linter ```mvn spotless:apply```

### JaCoCo Coverage Report
1) Run ```mvn clean verify```
2) Open ```ccd-code-coverage/target/site/jacoco/index.html``` in a browser
